Entrepreneuriat/product.md, before:

# Produit

## Product management

- [La valeur métier des Users Stories, le Hawkeye des Avengers](https://blog.eleven-labs.com/fr/la-valeur-metier-des-users-stories-le-hawkeye-des-avengers/) - Eleven Labs :page_facing_up:
- [User Story](https://blog.thiga.co/glossaire/definition-user-story/) - Thiga :page_facing_up:
- [Become a Product Manager | Learn the Skills & Get the Job](https://abbeal.udemy.com/course/become-a-product-manager-learn-the-skills-get-a-job/) - Udemy [Exclusif abbeal] :tv:

## MVP

- [MVP ou MVP ?](https://blog.octo.com/mvp_ou_mvp/) - Octo :page_facing_up:
- [MVP: Quickly Validate your Start-Up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHyU54GhfGs) :tv:
- [15+ examples of successful MVPS](https://softwarebrothers.co/blog/15-examples-of-successful-mvps/) :page_facing_up:
- [The history of Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/history) :page_facing_up:

### Landing page

- Builders :  [Instapage](https://instapage.com/products/landing-page-builder); [Unbounce](https://unbounce.com/product/landing-pages/); [Unless](https://unless.com/) (contenu adaptatif en fonction de l'audience) :wrench:
- Inspirations : [Crayon](https://app.crayon.co/f/); [lapa](https://www.lapa.ninja/); [pages](https://www.pages.xyz/type/landing)

Commit message:

add 'A Minimum Viable Product Is Not a Product, It’s a Process' article by Yevgeniy (Jim) Brikman

Entrepreneuriat/product.md, after:

# Produit

## Product management

- [La valeur métier des Users Stories, le Hawkeye des Avengers](https://blog.eleven-labs.com/fr/la-valeur-metier-des-users-stories-le-hawkeye-des-avengers/) - Eleven Labs :page_facing_up:
- [User Story](https://blog.thiga.co/glossaire/definition-user-story/) - Thiga :page_facing_up:
- [Become a Product Manager | Learn the Skills & Get the Job](https://abbeal.udemy.com/course/become-a-product-manager-learn-the-skills-get-a-job/) - Udemy [Exclusif abbeal] :tv:

## MVP

- [MVP ou MVP ?](https://blog.octo.com/mvp_ou_mvp/) - Octo :page_facing_up:
- [MVP: Quickly Validate your Start-Up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHyU54GhfGs) :tv:
- [15+ examples of successful MVPS](https://softwarebrothers.co/blog/15-examples-of-successful-mvps/) :page_facing_up:
- [The history of Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/history) :page_facing_up:
- [A Minimum Viable Product Is Not a Product, It’s a Process](https://blog.ycombinator.com/minimum-viable-product-process/) - Yevgeniy (Jim) Brikman :page_facing_up:

### Landing page

- Builders :  [Instapage](https://instapage.com/products/landing-page-builder); [Unbounce](https://unbounce.com/product/landing-pages/); [Unless](https://unless.com/) (contenu adaptatif en fonction de l'audience) :wrench:
- Inspirations : [Crayon](https://app.crayon.co/f/); [lapa](https://www.lapa.ninja/); [pages](https://www.pages.xyz/type/landing)
